add support file Xcode input file lists (#5790)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

  types.  
  [Jordan Rose](https://github.com/jrose-signal)
  [SimplyDanny](https://github.com/SimplyDanny)

> * Support linting from Input File Lists provided by Run Script Phase of Xcode with
>   `--use-script-input-file-lists`.  
>   [BlueVirusX](https://github.com/BlueVirusX)
>   [#5790](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/pull/5790)

Reviewer: IDs refer to issues not to pull request. The PR ID will be attached to the commit message automatically upon merge.

```suggestion

* Support reading files to lint from Input File Lists provided
  by Run Script Build Phases in Xcode using the command-line
  argument `--use-script-input-file-lists`.  
  [BlueVirusX](https://github.com/BlueVirusX)
```
